They don't know that we know they know we know.
And all you touch and all you see is all your life will ever be.
I remember what it was like to love you because I still do.
You have the power to heal your life, and you need to know that.
Have you ever come to hate the very thing that you helped to create?
For all the things you've done, for the things you might have done, and for the only thing you have left.
Don't it make you sad to know that life is more than who you are?
There is something about yourself that you don't know.
Don't it make you sad to know that life is more than who we are?
Perhaps if you know you are insane then you are not insane.
There are many things that I would like to say to you but I don't know how.
You are the most important thing to me now. The most important thing to me ever.
When you find that once again you long to take your heart back and be free, if you ever find a moment, spare a thought for me.
And he told us of his life in the land of submarines.
You must take life the way it comes at you and make the best of it.
Therefore a man shall leave his father and mother and be joined to his wife, and they shall become one flesh.
Bother me, tell me awful things. You know I love it when you move that on me, love it when you do that on me.
No matter where you stand on the long path, right now, try very hard to smile, and be glad you're in the game.
You don't get to choose if you get hurt in this world, but you do have some say in who hurts you.
There are darknesses in life and there are lights, and you are one of the lights, the light of all lights.
There will come a time when all of us are dead.
I am he as you are he as you are me and we are all together.
I love to type crazy stuff.
If I have to hear one more time that you did this for the family...
This is not the end, this is not even the beginning of the end, this is just perhaps the end of the beginning.
You don't know what's in store, but you know what you're here for.
No matter how deep the night, it always turns to day eventually.
The green eyes, you're the one that I wanted to find and anyone who tried to deny you, must be out of their mind.
If you think anyone is sane you just don't know enough about them.
They don't know our world but they know their own.
Memory is a way of holding onto the things you love, the things you are, the things you never want to lose.
Know this son: the hard truth of life is that everyone leaves and everything dies. There is no exception to the passing of time.
For what you see and hear depends a good deal on where you are standing. It also depends on what sort of person you are.
The people with ideas have no power and the people with power have no ideas.
I don't believe that anybody feels the way I do about you now.
If you think that you are going to love something, give it a try.
When has anyone ever told me I had the right to stop it all without my knuckles, or my anger, with just some simple words.
I'm sure there are things you know that you don't even know you know.
I never know if I can handle anything. That's what makes my life so exciting.
I never should have told you, I never should have let you see inside, don't want it troubling in your mind. Won't you let it be?
Spring is the time of year when it is summer in the sun and winter in the shade.
It's sad to say that kids unaccepted by their peers really never learn how to get along with people in the big grown up world.
Where do you think you're going? Because I don't think you're going where you think you're going.
People have the right to think and say whatever they want to. But you have the right not to take it to heart, and not to react.
And in the end, the love you take is equal to the love you make.
Nothing is more wonderful than the art of being free, but nothing is harder to learn how to use than freedom.
You see, the rays from the star pass so near the sun that they get bent on the way to us.
She had waited all her life for something and it had killed her when it found her.
Sometimes I'll start a sentence and I don't even know where it's going. I just hope that I find it along the way.
We were the people who were not in the papers. We lived in the blank white spaces at the edges of print.
There is nothing a man cannot do once he accepts the fact that there is no god.
This day does not belong to one man but to all. Let us together rebuild this world that we may share in the days of peace.
Halloween is not only about putting on a costume, but it's about finding the imagination and costume within ourselves.
You can get more of what you want with a kind word and a gun than you can with just a kind word.
There's no reason a fake can't do what the real thing would. And it's possible for a fake to be more real than the real thing.
Leave something for someone but don't leave someone for something.
Say it once, say it twice, take a chance and roll the dice. Ride with the moon in the dead of night.
A good plan today is better than a perfect plan tomorrow.
If you push someone too hard in one direction, they're just going to run three times faster in the other direction.
Why is it that when one man builds a wall, the next man immediately needs to know what's on the other side?
Games are bad. They make you mad. Games are bad. They make you mad. Games are bad. They make you mad.
When I think of love I see your face, but when I think of you I think of pain. My heart and mind are not on the same page.
All you have to do is walk up to a house, ring the doorbell, and say tricks or treats.
Under the lights when everything goes. Nowhere to hide when I'm getting you close when we move, well, you already know.
If you don't know what you want, how are you going to know when you get it?
You see, the rays from the star pass so near the sun that they get bent on the way to us.
Tonight I'm making deals with the devil, and I know it's gonna get me in trouble. Just as long as you know you got me.
Your silence furnishes a dark house. But even at the risk of burning, the moth always seeks the light.
There is nothing sweeter in this sad world than the sound of someone you love calling your name.
It's just that I learned a while ago that the best way to get people to like you is not to like them too much.
If you didn't have me to rake you over the coals now and then, there wouldn't be any fire in your life at all.
Today's the first day of the end of your lives.
What I am trying to say is the love is ours to make so we should make it.
I'd like to see the world for once all standing hand in hand and hear them echo through the hills for peace throughout the land.
If I am to serve both as a waitress and the butt of jokes, I think I should make more money.
It's a wonder to be alive. If you don't understand that, how can you search for anything deeper?
You can't use the fire exit because you're not made of fire.
The person that has the most to do with what happens to you is you!
For one thing, time is the very thing that we are least willing to allow.
If you only do what you can do, you will never be more than who you are now.
I came to realize that I had more to offer this world than just making things that blow up.
I must have done something right, to deserve you in my life... I must have done something right along the way.
What would you do if you were stuck in one place and every day was exactly the same and nothing that you did mattered?
When everyone else was thinking it was time for bed, his mind was telling him it's time to get ahead of the competition.
When I close my eyes, I am at the center of the sun. And I cannot be hurt by anything this wicked world has done.
Everybody knows in their bones that something is eternal, and that something has to do with human beings.
I know that you wanna but you can't 'cause you gotta stay cool in the corner when the truth is that you wanna move.
I'd tell you all you want and more, if the sounds I made could be what you hear.
If you have to ask you will never know, if you know you need only ask.
You can have my isolation, you can have the hate that it brings, you can have my absence of faith, you can have my everything.
I'm going to take my time. I have all the time in the world.
I just feel like there are so many things that I could be doing and probably want to be doing that I'm just not.
Dreams are only dreams until you wake up and make them real.
You know better than you think you know, and you shall live to know me better yet.
I would rather spend one lifetime with you, than face all the ages of this world alone.
All that is now, all that is gone, and everything under the sun is in tune but the sun is eclipsed by the moon.
I often think that men don't understand what is noble and what is ignorant, though they always talk about it.
Have you ever thought that if you can go back in time, you might still make the same decisions?
When you go into the ER, one of the first things they ask you to do is rate your pain on a scale of one to ten.
We know little of who we were, only something of who we are, and nothing of who we may be.
I am the wisest man alive, for I know one thing, and that is that I know nothing.
I know a bloke who knows a bloke who knows a bloke. Now, I know you know this bloke. This is a bloke you know.
Do you think politics is only about winning the argument? That whoever has the right fact at the right moment wins?
Your memory is the glue that binds your life together.
The only ones who should kill are those prepared to be killed.
I have waited lifetimes to find you. Now that you're here I can remind you of the things I've been dreaming of times two.
It may sound like music to her. I can do better with my teeth in a cold shower.
I want you to know that the day you saw something in me, my whole life changed.
Have pity on me and heal me, for you see that I have become a problem to myself, and this is the ailment from which I suffer.
You never know what a day will bring, which is both the good news and the bad news of life.
I'm going to roll my window up, then I'm going to drive away, and you're gonna go home to your daughter.
They often wish that people would just once and for all work out where the hell they wanted to be.
In this world, evil can arise from the best intentions. And there is good which can come from evil intentions.
I do not know what evil is when it comes to art. I only know what is good art and what is bad art.
The world was reduced to the surface of her skin and her inner self was safe from all bitterness.
Sometimes we get so wrapped up in getting what we want, that we forget to ask ourselves why we wanted it in the first place.
You will become way less concerned with what other people think of you when you realize how seldom they do.
It is at this point in our story that along comes a spider.
It's important to take the time out of our busy schedules to do something entirely unrelated to our immediate needs.
We stand against the small tide of those who want to make everyone unhappy with conflicting theory and thought.
Sometimes it's the very people who no one imagines anything of who do the things that no one can imagine.
Make sure you marry someone who laughs at the same things you do.
He became thinner and taller, and his face took on a kind of pained expression which made it almost interesting.
I always loved you, and if one loves anyone, one loves the whole person, just as they are and not as one would like them to be.
In that cell you found something that mattered more to you than life.
I can tell you my love for you will still be strong, after the boys of summer have gone.
I've seen enough horror movies to know that a weirdo wearing a mask is never friendly.
Do you realize that more people will be watching you tonight than all those who have seen theater plays in the last forty years?
The wonder is, not that the field of stars is so vast, but that man has measured it.
I don't ever want to feel like I did that day. Take me to the place I love, take me all the way.
I needed all the feelings to stop boiling like a pot of dal and be cool enough for me to taste them.
Sometimes terrible things happen, but there's nothing more terrible than not having anybody to tell it to.
We have all got to exert ourselves a little to keep sane, and call things by the same names as other people call them by.
You must learn from the mistakes of others because you can't possibly live long enough to make them all yourself.
Just because something bears the aspect of the inevitable one should not, therefore, go along willingly with it.
The end of the world started when a Pegasus landed on the hood of my car. Up until then, I was having a great afternoon.
Our existence on this planet may well depend on the decisions we make and the actions we take. Now is the time to act!
They can only see the mere show, and never can tell what it really means.
If you are not willing to learn, no one can help you. If you are determined to learn, no one can stop you.
I suppose it is tempting, if the only tool you have is a hammer, to treat everything as if it were a nail.
I think if it is true that there are as many minds as there are heads, then there are as many kinds of love as there are hearts.
Maybe you should come with me for a few weeks. See what happens. See how much you learn. Then, we'll talk about your future.
All we really want is for no one to have a boring life, to be impressive, so we can be impressed.
What's morality? It's the difference between what is right and what you can rationalize.
This is the second most tragic thing to happen in my life...
When every card in the deck is stacked against you, the only way to win a hand is to break the rules.
To be able to say how much you love is to love but little.
A census taker once tried to test me. I ate his liver with some fava beans and a nice Chianti.
Cleaning your house while kids are around is like shoveling the walk while it's still snowing.
I was selfish to assume you loved me more than you loved yourself even though I've never felt the same.
And who are you, the proud lord said, that I must bow so low? Only a cat of a different coat, that's all the truth I know.
The poor and the middle class work for money. The rich have money work for them.
If you challenge the conventional wisdom, you will find ways to do things much better than they are currently done.
Educators say that understanding is the key to learning, but how do you understand something if you can't remember it.
I have waited lifetimes to find you. Now that you're here I can remind you of the things I've been dreaming of times two.
In a very real sense we have two minds, one that thinks and one that feels.
Science is not good or bad Victor, but it can be used both ways. That is why you must always be careful.
You forget what you want to remember and you remember what you want to forget.
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, but today is a gift. That is why it is called the present.
Getting information off the internet is like taking a drink from a fire hydrant.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do.
You can't always get what you want, but if you try sometimes you might find you get what you need.
The day the power of love overrules the love of power, the world will know peace.
I think you're still trying to figure out where you are. Where that ship of yours is. How to get back to that life.
You should never, never doubt something that no one is sure of.
I remember the night you were charged with practicing iambic pentameter without a license.
Believe in one thing too much and you have no room for new ideas.
I been doin' this a long time. I ain't never said nothin' to no cop.
If I had known you were going to come straight up to my office I would not have bothered hunting you in the first place.
Now is the time for resting. Some things are ill to hear when the world's in shadow.
Every once in a while, a book comes along that fundamentally changes the way we look at the world.
Dear Great Pumpkin, I am looking forward to your arrival on Halloween night. I hope you will bring me lots of presents.
It matters not how a man dies, but how he lives. The act of dying is not of importance, it lasts so short a time.
For someone who was never meant for this world, I must confess I'm suddenly having a hard time leaving it.
I think you need something. And if you want to call it a friend, you can call it a friend.
They say that money doesn't bring you happiness, I say neither does being broke, so let me suffer with a new car.
And I need it more than love, and I love it more than life, and I want those stars above to shine this night.
There is no difference between time and any of the dimensions of space except that our consciousness moves along it.
Are you telling me that not only did you invent a secret plan to fight inflation but now you don't support it?
And I wonder if everything could ever feel this real forever, if anything could ever be this good again.
She seemed to know, to accept, to welcome her position, the citadel of the family, the strong place that could not be taken.
If everyone keeps asking you the same questions, maybe you have to come up with new answers just to stay awake.
Those who have made something of their lives will always look at those who haven't as clowns.
For it is the nature of a log or stone to remain motionless on level ground.
I am not a religious man, but every now and then, a child comes along who makes me believe in the existence of Satan.
I don't want to live someone else's idea of how to live.
He didn't have to know how it would stand if he didn't look at it and moved off to the side.
Sometimes it's the very people who no one imagines anything of who do the things that no one can imagine.
The bully who oppressed your youth isn't at the table with us, perhaps he's long dead.
People talk to you a great deal about your education, but some good memory is perhaps the best education.
Without imagination there is no hope, no chance to envision a better future, no place to go, no goal to reach.
When someone betrays your trust, it feels like a part of you dies. For me, I guess it was the part that cared.
The horrors of the Inquisition are nothing compared to the fates your mind can imagine for your loved ones.
Without the rifle he had to fit in, to be part of it all, to understand it and use it.
Whoever talks about what does not concern him often hears what does not please him.
I would say that in the world of oddness, a man wearing two hats is no odder than an animal wearing one.
There's always happier days to remember. And the more screwed up things are, the happier those days seem to be.
Come on and love me just a little bit. I'm gonna teach you how to sing it out. Come on, let me show you what it's all about.
Dave, although you took very thorough precautions in the pod against my hearing you, I could see your lips move.
The blade is as good as though it had just come out of the grindstone.
Even though my life hasn't been all that great, I figure that if I live long enough, something good might happen.
The oldest and strongest emotion of mankind is fear, and the oldest and strongest kind of fear is fear of the unknown.
The human whose name is written in this note shall die.
So long as men can breathe, or eyes can see, so long lives this, and this gives life to thee.
They told me that you had gone totally insane, and that your methods were unsound.
In his dealings with the world the gentleman is not invariably for or against anything. He is on the side of what is moral.
I wasn't hurt that badly. The doctor said all my bleeding was internal. That's where the blood's supposed to be.
I think you're a lonely person. I see all these phones and all this stuff on your desk. It means nothing.
And brace for the glory as you stare into the sky.
Somewhere out there, someone's saying a prayer that we'll find one another in that big somewhere out there.
I just want to be able to stand up straight for a little while before I get cut down.
I can fly like an eagle and strike like a hawk.
But physical interpretation, which is in general a very sure guide and had been most often such for me, misled me in that case.
It's funny how one single thing you choose to see could change the world and give mine back to me so much better.
As a young child my mother told me I could be anyone I want to be. Turns out this is called identity theft.
A rational investor should be willing to pay a higher price for a share the larger the growth rate of dividends and earnings.
And now it's time for Silly Songs with Larry, the part of the show where Larry comes out and sings a silly song.
Words have the power to both destroy and heal. When words are both true and kind, they can change our world.
Reason will not lead to solution. I will end up lost in confusion. I don't care if you really care, as long as you don't go.
I used to kid her once in a while because she wouldn't take her kings out of the back row.
There's no more harm in a kiss than shaving a monkey and pretending it's a woman.
I know very few young people, but it seems to me that they are all possessed with an almost fatal hunger for permanence.
Sometimes the world as you know it just decides to become something else.
Contemplate the marvel that is existence, and rejoice that you are able to do so.
Perhaps one did not want to be loved so much as to be understood.
You know, you are a classic example of the inverse ratio between the size of the mouth and the size of the brain!
One ring to rule them all, one ring to find them, one ring to rule them all, and in the darkness bind them.
I've got a cupboard with cans of food, filtered water, and pictures of you, and I'm not coming out until this is all over.
It's not a game if you're not having fun. It doesn't mean anything if you just focus on winning or losing.
There she goes. There she goes again, racing through my brain. And I just can't contain this feeling that remains.
We come from two different worlds but there's only one love that could make things easier.
Are you trying to impress me? What would impress me more is if you never did that again.
I've never been to this part of the castle, at least while awake. I sleepwalk you see, that's why I wear shoes to bed.
I know nobody knows, where it comes and where it goes. I know it's everybody's sin, you got to lose to know how to win.
The fault lies not with the mob, who demands nonsense, but with those who do not know how to produce anything else.
From there to here, from here to there, funny things are everywhere.
Happiness can be found, even in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light.
There is no good and evil, there is only power and those too weak to seek it.
Inside his house a kid gets one name, but on the other side of the door, it's whatever the rest of the world wants to call him.
It was almost like a reverse nightmare, like when you wake up from a nightmare, you're so relieved. I woke up into a nightmare.
Everyone puts on their biggest smile and people line the streets and cheer. A booming voice announces the show for that evening.
Never say anything unless it is worth taking a long time to say.
When the snows fall and the white winds blow, the lone wolf dies but the pack survives.
It is not the mountain we conquer but ourselves.
My family loves each other so much, we live a thousand miles away and never stay in touch.
The more you see the less you know, the less you find out as you go. I knew much more then than I do now.
He looked at her the way all women want to be looked at by a man.
A reader lives a thousand lives before he dies. The man who never reads lives only one.
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.
Well, if that's how you feel about it, then that's how you feel about it. Is that how you feel about it?
You don't need a weather man to know which way the wind blows.
I can touch what my heart used to dream of long before I knew someone warm like you.
When we remember we only get a version of the last time we remember it.
People know what they do; frequently they know why they do what they do; but what they don't know is what what they do does.
Life is not the amount of breaths you take. It's the moments that take your breath away.
Why would you pay for a cover band when you got the real deal right here, baby?
While monsters are mostly made of magic, human beings are mostly made of water.
You keep using that word. I do not think it means what you think it means.
I still remember these old country lanes when we did not know the answers.
We all require devotion to something more than ourselves for our lives to be endurable.
There are books of which the backs and covers are by far the best parts.
The law clearly states that magic may be used before muggles in life threatening situations.
I'm in deep with this girl but she's out of her mind. We all need something to live for.
Sticks and stones will break your bones. They seldom let you snooze. Spooky, scary skeletons will wake you with a boo!
Kelsey, in this terrifying world, all we have are the connections that we make. I'm sorry I got you fired.
Great things don't happen in tiny little increments. You know, they happen when someone thinks completely differently.
In the beginning, the Universe was created. This had made a lot of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move.
You've always mistaken your vanity for love. It's your final mistake. Go and kill the only man I ever cared for.
Expect the unexpected, they say, but once the unexpected happens, the last thing you expect is that it will happen again.
Apparently, it only appears to those people who are pure of heart and have a strong desire to see it.
He really had been through death, but he had returned because he could not bear the solitude.
Now and again we try to just stay alive, maybe we'll turn it all around 'cause it's not too late. It's never too late.
If you continue to do what you've always done, you will continue to have what you've always had.
Mother is the name for God in the lips and hearts of little children.
He misses the time he had with you. I miss the time I didn't have.
Nothing is so painful to the human mind as a great and sudden change.
Not too many days from this day, not too many hours from this hour. So long? The storm comes, or is it just another shower?
Imagination is the only weapon in the war against reality.
If I lay here, if I just lay here, would you lie with me and just forget the world?
Why are you trying so hard to fit in when you were born to stand out?
So, I must be taken as I have been made. The success is not mine, the failure is not mine, but the two together make me.
But on this particular day I did not like the color of the sky.
All I really want is something beautiful to say.
We've had vicious kings and we've had idiot kings, but I don't know if we've ever been cursed with a vicious idiot for a king!
Great, let's round up all the useless cats and hope a tree falls on them.
For once I can touch what my heart used to dream of long before I knew someone warm like you would make my dreams come true.
I have long loved you, and loved you even before I knew that I did.
I believe a man lost in the mazes of his own mind may imagine that he's anything.
I was starting to think that you were gonna leave me behind.
We got questions we should not ask, but how would you feel if I told you I loved you? It's just something that I want to do.
The greatest sources of our suffering are the lies we tell ourselves.
It was love at first sight, at last sight, at ever and ever sight.
A wise man will not leave the right to the mercy of chance, nor wish it to prevail through the power of the majority.
You have to keep your mind as wide-open as your eyes, because almost nothing is what it seems.
If you loved someone, you loved him, and when you had nothing else to give, you still gave him love.
Who cares if we don't see the sun shine ever again? I want you more than any blue sky. The weather can go crazy.
We had joy, we had fun, we had seasons in the sun, but the hills that we climbed were just seasons out of time.
I mean, doesn't it kind of defeat the whole purpose of having your own plane if it departs before you arrive?
We love people not so much for the good they've done us, as for the good we've done them.
It's enough for me to be sure that you and I exist at this moment.
Harry, I have no idea where this will lead us, but I have a definite feeling it will be a place both wonderful and strange.
Being human is about fighting even when it seems hopeless, and finding happiness even in a world that hates it.
If I could fall into the sky, do you think time would pass me by?
He may look like an idiot and talk like an idiot, but don't let that fool you. He really is an idiot.
You don't make history by following the rules, you make it by seizing the moment.
Lights up and they know who you are, know who you are. Do you know who you are?
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
In his blue gardens men and girls came and went like moths among the whisperings and the champagne and the stars.
Love is simply the name for the desire and pursuit of the whole.
It's easy not to abuse your power when you don't actually have any power.
I gotta tell you at this point the length of this conversation is way out of proportion to my interest in it.
You can't get back what you've lost, what's important now is what is it that you still have.
We can't retract the decisions we've made. We can only affect the decisions we're going to make from here.
An ox wanders off and you spend time looking for it.
I hope you still feel small when you stand beside the ocean. Whenever one door closes I hope one more opens.
If you ever looked at me once with what I know is in you, I would be your slave.
Sometimes I wish I never built this palace, but real love is never a waste of time.
Who's going to take you home and hold you when things aren't so bright? She looks to me, she looks to me.
Finally, from so little sleeping and so much reading, his brain dried up and he went completely out of his mind.
Hateful to me as the gates of Hades is that man who hides one thing in his heart and speaks another.
The future is something which everyone reaches at the rate of sixty minutes an hour, whatever he does, whoever he is.
Clever, but schoolteacher beat him anyway to show him that definitions belonged to the definers - not the defined.
They say there is a person who will tell you how to survive in this land... oh wait. That's me.
How can you say I go about things the wrong way? I am human and I need to be loved just like everybody else does.
You won't find anyone else like me, you know. You won't find anyone who'd do for you like I've done for you.
May you find the power in understanding the journey of others to help create your own.
A man who doesn't spend time with his family can never be a real man.
You're gonna blame me because you were the business head of the company and you made a bad business deal with your own company?
Borrowing implies the eventual intention to return the thing that was taken. What makes you think I would ever give you back?
You have been on my mind, I've been trying to let it go. I've been trying to find something as incredible.
The gentleman understands what is moral. The small man understands what is profitable.
A real artist must never be afraid of what other people are gonna say about him.
And I know that you got everything, but I got nothing here without you.
It took a lot of energy to ask that question. I wished he had answered it. I don't know when I'll be able to ask it again.
Putting more makeup on the masks that we wear. Turning the nightlights on in the daytime to scare.
To be honest, as this world goes, is to be one man picked out of ten thousand.
If somebody else has it much worse, that doesn't really change the fact that you have what you have.
Perhaps if you know you are insane then you are not insane. Or you are becoming sane, finally. Waking up.
Your future hasn't been written yet; no one's has. Your future is whatever you make it, so make it a good one.
It is the easiest thing in the world for a man to look as if he had a great secret in him.
I've begun to realize that you can listen to silence and learn from it. It has a quality and a dimension all its own.
There must be quite a few things a hot bath won't cure, but I don't know many of them.
Once more into the fray. Into the last good fight I'll ever know. Live and die on this day. Live and die on this day.
For it was said that they had become like those peculiar demons which dwell in matter, but in which no light may be found.
Maybe if we felt any human loss as keenly as we feel one of those close to us, human history would be far less bloody.
Sometimes a hypocrite is nothing more than a man in the process of changing.
I could work at a problem for years, but to wait inactive for twenty-four hours - that is another matter.
Life is a comedy for those who think and a tragedy for those who feel.
There's something waiting in the stratosphere, and it's waiting just to tell us what it's doing here.
Life seems to speed up as we get older because life gets less memorable as we get older.
Time is dead as long as it is being clicked off by little wheels; only when the clock stops does time come to life.
There will be today, there will be tomorrow, there will be always, and there was yesterday, and there was the day before.
If one has only one good memory left in one's heart, that may sometime be the means of saving us.
I do not wish any reward but to know I have done the right thing.
Sometimes in our lives we all have pain, we all have sorrow, but if we are wise we know that there's always tomorrow.
If you are looking for ransom, I can tell you I don't have money.
Things we can't see affect our lives much more than we think.
I hope to hell when I do die somebody has sense enough to just dump me in the river or something.
I drive by this place a lot and I see you here. I see a lot of people around you.
What is the point of being alive if you don't at least try to do something remarkable?
I'd been asked this question hundreds of times over the years.
Perhaps if you know you are insane then you are not insane. Or you are becoming sane, finally. Waking up.
And when the car broke down, they started walking. But where were they going without ever knowing the way?
I have never met anyone so passionate and dedicated to a belief as you. It's so intense that sometimes it's blinding.
Harold, everyone has the right to make an ass out of themselves. You just can't let the world judge you too much.
Of all the gin joints in all the towns in all the world, she walks into mine.
Today you are you, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is youer than you.
I can see the sun, but even if I cannot see the sun, I know that it exists. And to know that the sun is there - that is living.
If you want truth, you should begin by giving it.
You clearly don't know who you're talking to, so let me clue you in. I am not in danger, I am the danger.
To find out if she really loved me, I hooked her up to a lie detector. And just as I suspected, my machine was broken.
Use the power of your word in the direction of truth and love.
Show them how to fly away, when this world is torn. If you feel like dying, lose that forever, you're shining and it shows.
I don't know how I can be so ambitious and so lazy at the same time.
Gentlemen: You have undertaken to cheat me. I won't sue you, for the law is too slow. I'll ruin you.
Why don't you just make ten louder and make ten be the top number and make that a little louder?
If you want a happy ending, that depends, of course, on where you stop your story.
I think I really like it best when you can kid the pants off a girl when the opportunity arises.
I must learn to be content with being happier than I deserve.
Now calm down. The best thing we can do is go on with our daily routine.
Build a man a fire, and he'll be warm for a day. Set a man on fire, and he'll be warm for the rest of his life.
We could love that tractor then as we have loved this land when it was ours.
Reading books doesn't make you smarter. Reading smart books makes you smarter. Reading dumb books makes you dumber.
Jalabhar Xho was all in feathers, plumage so fantastic and extravagant that he seemed like he was to take flight.
And she was mine, she was mine, the key was in my fist, my fist was in my pocket, she was mine.
Anything is edible if you deep fry it long enough.
It is not despair, for despair is only for those who see the end beyond all doubt. We do not.
The choice for mankind lies between freedom and happiness and for the great bulk of mankind, happiness is better.
It's where the water flows, it's where the wind blows.
She did not know what this chance would be, what wind would bring it her, towards what shore it would drive her.
The funny thing is, on the outside, I was an honest man, straight as an arrow. I had to come to prison to be a crook.
And in the end, it's not the years in your life that count: It's the life in your years.
I don't want the money, I want something more. And I've never said that out loud but I can't pretend that's not true anymore.
We're all old enough to know better than to toy with the hearts of children.
This place is like somebody's memory of a town, and the memory is fading. It's like there was never anything here but jungle.
I'm as mad as hell and I'm not going to take this anymore!
Then he made one last effort to search in his heart for the place where his affection had rotted away, and he could not find it.
I saw in your eyes and I saw the way you carried yourself that you're not a happy person.
There is an art to flying, or rather a knack. The knack lies in learning how to throw yourself at the ground and miss.
The less you do with the controls, the less chance of error. The slower you move, the faster the car moves.
Will the witness please state his name and occupation.
Do you buy all these books retail or do you send away for like a shrink kit that comes with all these volumes included?
And in the end, it's not the years in your life that count: It's the life in your years.
The last man on Earth sat alone in a room. There was a knock on the door.
That person tried to send poison to you and if you take it personally, then you take that poison and it becomes yours.
An eye for an eye only ends up making the whole world blind.
If you're distracted by fear of those around you it keeps you from seeing the actions of those above.
A man may fish with the worm that hath eat of a king, and eat of the fish that hath fed of that worm.
That is just the way with some people. They get down on a thing when they don't know nothing about it.
Every man desires to live long, but no man wishes to be old.
All we can know is that we know nothing. And that's the height of human wisdom.
Even good people are great at making bad decisions.
Perhaps love is like a resting place, a shelter from the storm. It exists to give you comfort. It is there to keep you warm.
There are spaces between the joints, and the blade of the knife has really no thickness.
Through the darkness of future past the magician longs to see. One chants out between two worlds. Fire walk with me.
I must be taken as I have been made. The success is not mine, the failure is not mine, but the two together make me.
You move like I want to. To see like your eyes do.
This truth holds me close, rocking me like a child in a mother's arms.
The morning sun, when it's in your face, really shows your age. But that don't worry me none in my eyes, you're everything.
Love. The reason I dislike that word is that it means too much for me, far more than you can understand.
Power is in tearing human minds to pieces and putting them together again in new shapes of your own choosing.
If anything in this life is certain, if history has taught us anything, it is that you can kill anyone.
This is as brave as I know how to be. I know it's gonna hurt you, but please... be a little proud of me. Goodbye, Doctor.
I must not fear. Fear is the mind killer. Fear is the little death that brings total obliteration. I will face my fear.
In the ninja world, those who break the rules are scum, that's true. But, those who abandon their friends are worse than scum.
His mother made him eat cooked carrots every day. He had far too many brothers and sisters. And his ears were very big.
It doesn't matter who you are or what you look like, so long as somebody loves you.
Nothing. It was like being deep in outer space, so far away from everything else that he couldn't even see any stars.
However small the chance might be of striking lucky, the chance was there.
There's only one person in the world who's going to decide what I'm going to do and that's me.
It would have been so pointless to kill himself that, even if he had wanted to, the pointlessness would have made him unable.
Most people would turn you away. I don't listen to a word they say. They don't see you as I do, I wish they would try to.
Any customer can have a car painted any color that he wants so long as it is black.
I walked away and left him standing there in the moonlight watching over nothing.
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.
Scooby Dooby Doo, where are you? We got some work to do now. Scooby Dooby Doo, where are you? We need some help from you now.
Life moves pretty fast. If you don't stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it.
It takes something more than intelligence to act intelligently.
It's much better to do good in a way that no one knows anything about it.
Our job is to find truth, no matter how painful it may be.
But his soul was mad. Being alone in the wilderness, it had looked within itself and, by heavens I tell you, it had gone mad.
I don't know half of you half as well as I should like; and I like less than half of you half as well as you deserve.
This was the first salmon I had seen and perfectly convinced me that we were on the waters of the Pacific Ocean.
Life is to be lived, not controlled; and humanity is won by continuing to play in face of certain defeat.
Take my advice and live for a long, long time. Because the maddest thing a man can do in this life is to let himself die.
Roll the window down this cool night air is curious.
I often think that men don't understand what is noble and what is ignorant, though they always talk about it.
Well, that idea might make a stupid idea feel better about itself.
If you wish to know yourself, observe how others act. If you wish to understand others, look into your own heart.
All in all, it was just a brick in the wall. All in all, it was all just bricks in the wall.
We are what we pretend to be, so we must be very careful what we pretend to be.
I always feel a certain sense of reverence in libraries, even small city ones that smell like homeless internet users.
No one really knows why they're alive until they know what they'd die for.
Now that I've lost everything to you, you say you want to start something new, and it's breaking my heart you're leaving.
It's the wanting you, never getting you. Keeps me wanting you, missing you. Just to picture you is what gets me through.
We wanted to see if you had the ability to expand your mind to new horizons. And for one brief moment, you did.
The heaviest penalty for declining to rule is to be ruled by someone inferior to yourself.
And can you feel the love tonight, it is where we are. It's enough for this wide-eyed wanderer that we got this far.
Johnny, I got a lot of people here who are a little depressed because the war just ended. Please give me a new song.
He got the action, he got the motion. Oh yeah, the boy can play. Dedication, devotion, turning all the night time into the day.
The day of death is better than the day of birth, a live dog is better than a dead lion, and the grave is better than poverty.
From a certain point onward there is no longer any turning back. That is the point that must be reached.
The mystery of human existence lies not in just staying alive, but in finding something to live for.
Moreover, as I was still in the prime of life, it pleased me better to be up and doing.
I hope to someday have the faith to believe in God as much as he believes in me.
You think you will die, but you just keep living, day after day after terrible day.
The only thing that matters is just following your heart, and eventually you'll finally get it right.
Dawn was close. The weaker stars had already disappeared, and even the brightest were uncertain of themselves.
I find to my amazement that the more I love mankind as a whole, the less I love man in particular.
The wretched and the miserable should turn to their Savior first, yet they do not hope in Him until all other hope is exhausted.
The hottest places in hell are reserved for those who, in times of great moral crisis, maintain their neutrality.
Do the gods light this fire in our hearts or does each man's mad desire become his god?
You know, this place makes me wonder, which would be worse... to live as a monster? Or to die as a good man?
You get tough like me and you don't get hurt. You look out for yourself and nothin' can touch you...
The supreme question about a work of art is out of how deep a life does it spring.
It was evident that he came from the world where men could still sleep and remember.
It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eye.
Look at this tree, Shifu: I cannot make it blossom when it suits me nor make it bear fruit before its time.
When we played our charade, we were like children posing. Playing at games, acting out names, guessing the parts we played.
Disorder increases with time because we measure time in the direction in which disorder increases.
If I'm laden at all, I'm laden with sadness that everyone's heart isn't filled with the gladness of love for one another.
This is a modern fairy tale. No happy endings, no wind in our sails.
All he ever wanted out of life was love. You see, he just didn't have any to give.
There are perhaps twenty regular posters on the forum, and some much larger and uncounted number of lurkers.
To be fond of dancing was a certain step towards falling in love.
I love you like a love song, baby, and I keep hitting repeat.
Oh, my life is changing every day in every possible way.
You can't live your life for other people. You've got to do what's right for you, even if it hurts some people you love.
You put the killing thing right between your teeth, but you don't give it the power to do its killing.
I must confess, I've made a mess of what should be a small success. But I digress, at least I've tried my very best, I guess.
Of all creatures that breathe and move upon the earth, nothing is bred that is weaker than man.
I'm pretty sure there's a lot more to life than being really, really good-looking. And I plan on finding out what that is.
She claims she's found a way to make her own light. All you do is smile, you banish the night.
Some people don't understand the promises they're making when they make them.
Whether this tale be true or false, none can tell, for none were there to witness it themselves.
We live in the flicker - may it last as long as the old earth keeps rolling!
We lived on farms, then we lived in cities, and now we're going to live on the internet!
If we had any nerve at all we would make an effort to really address the wrongs in this society, righteously.
Is getting rid of all the thorns in someone's path really what's best for them?
So glad of this as they I cannot be, who are surprised withal.
It is better to be unhappy and know the worst, than to be happy in a fool's paradise.
Equations are more important to me, because politics is for the present, but an equation is something for eternity.
Mail's here. Here's the mail, it never fails, it makes me wanna wag my tail. When it comes it makes me want to yell MAIL!!!
So please don't forget to call me just to let me know you're doing okay, miles away from me.
What's the point of having great knowledge and keeping it all to yourself?
Well, why waste this on us when you can put it on the Internet and have the whole world ignore it?
Begin at the beginning and go on till you come to the end: then stop.
Have you no hope at all? And do you really live with the thought that when you die, you die, and nothing remains?
Everybody is identical in their secret unspoken belief that way deep down they are different from everyone else.
I do not know if all cops are poets, but I know that all cops carry guns with triggers.
Some people can't believe in themselves until someone else believes in them first.
I never realize how much I like being home unless I've been somewhere really different for a while.
Few things are harder to put up with than the annoyance of a good example.
You lock the door, and throw away the key. There's someone in my head but it's not me.
It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune, must be in want of a wife.
That's the way romance is. Usually that's the way that it goes, but every once in a while it goes the other way, too.
I'm worse at what I do best and for this gift I feel blessed. Our little group has always been and always will until the end.
Just a small town girl living in a lonely world, she took the midnight train going anywhere.
Do you ever get down on your knees and thank God you know me and have access to my dementia?
It's like ten thousand spoons when all you need is a knife.
After all, damn it, what does being in love mean if you can't trust a person.
Remember that all the people in this world haven't had the advantages that you've had.
The "present" is a leaf floating on top of the river. It moves along with the flow from past to the future.
Treachery and violence are spears pointed at both ends; they wound those who resort to them worse than their enemies.
You want praise from people who kick themselves every fifteen minutes, the approval of people who despise themselves.
Let me tell you something my friend. Hope is a dangerous thing. Hope can drive a man insane.
Now that I know what I'm without, you can't just leave me. Breathe into me and make me real, bring me to life.
So I can't live with you or without you, and don't seem to know my own mind.
My friend, the panda will never fulfill his destiny, nor you yours until you let go of the illusion of control.
Oh, and when you held my hand, I knew that it was now or never. Those were the best days of my life.
I dream of rain, I dream of gardens in the desert sand. I wake in vain. I dream of love as time runs through my hand.
This is one time where television really fails to capture the true excitement of a large squirrel predicting the weather.
Hmm, looks like the chad is still hanging on that one, but I'm sure they'll count it.
I seem to be what I'm not, you see. I'm wearing my heart like a crown, pretending that you're still around.
The darker the night, the brighter the stars, the deeper the grief, the closer is God.
Everything that we did and built and wrote and thought and discovered will be forgotten.
Come sail your ships around me and burn your bridges down. We make a little history, baby, every time you come around.
There was no telling what people might find out once they felt free to ask whatever questions they wanted to.
This won't take long. There. That should give us enough time to make it to a lifeboat.
And, thus, we could transform those dark days of humanity into a triumph of the human spirit, of modern humanitarianism.
We do not exist in any other instant. Here in this dimension, you and I are meant to be.
I'm having a birthday party but you're not invited but you can come if you want.
Well, hey, I didn't spend all those years playing Dungeons and Dragons and not learn a little something about courage.
A strange game. The only winning move is not to play. How about a nice game of chess?
Every time I think of exercise, I have to lie right down until the feeling leaves me.
Banana brains, you're the apple of my eye. Stay with me tonight 'cause I'm having the best time of my life.
Since we're all going to die, it's obvious that when and how don't matter.
If there were to be something non-empty, there would then be something called empty.
I don't know why I did the things I did. I don't know why I said the things I said.
You come into my house on the day my daughter is to be married and you ask me to do murder - for money.
You tell me exactly what you want, and I will very carefully explain to you why it cannot be.
Seems like everybody's got a price. I wonder how they sleep at night when the sale comes first and the truth comes second.
After all, what justification is there for a word which is simply the opposite of some other word?
If you think Mick Jagger will still be out there trying to be a rock star at age fifty, then you are sadly, sadly mistaken.
We don't need it to prove out. We've got less than two weeks till the election, so we just need to distract them.
It is sometimes an appropriate response to reality to go insane.
For there is no folly of the beast of the earth which is not infinitely outdone by the madness of men.
It's only because of their stupidity that they're able to be so sure of themselves.
The Light lives in all places. In all things. You can block it. Even try to trap it. But the Light will always find its way.
He never did... anything that was... illegal... Unless you count all the times he sold dope disguised as a nun.
Things, events, that occupy space yet come to an end when someone dies make us stop in wonder.
My whole life is other people deciding what's acceptable. When I put on a dress, I get to decide what's silly.
He stepped down, trying not to look long at her, as if she were the sun, yet he saw her, like the sun, even without looking.
Respect was invented to cover the empty place where love should be.
You came close, but you never made it, and if you were gonna make it, you woulda made it by now.
She loved him not only in spite of but because he himself was incapable of love.
You do not understand even life. How can you understand death?
I never thought I'd feel this way, and as far as I'm concerned I'm glad I got the chance to say that I do believe I love you.
In most cases, there is more to be gained by maximizing the performance of the driver than tricking out the car.
Oh yes, the past can hurt. But you can either run from it, or learn from it.
I gotta see a man who looks like he might know something, but it can't be done on the phone, if you know what I mean.
My mind is a raging torrent, flooded with rivulets of thought cascading into a waterfall of creative alternatives.
Hank, if you had the power to put companies out of business by just not being a customer, why am I still able to buy mouthwash?
Oh, we could be the stars falling from the sky, shining how we want, brighter than the sun.
I don't care what consequence it brings. I have been a fool for lesser things.
Everybody is identical in their secret unspoken belief that way deep down they are different from everyone else.
In the midst of friends, home, and kind parents, she was alone.
I tried, I tried. I tried to talk to Toby and be his friend but that is like trying to be friends with an evil snail.
Rummaging in our souls, we often dig up something that ought to have lain there unnoticed.
We believe not in death but in life and there is no object more valuable than a man's life.
This above all: to thine own self be true, and it must follow, as the night the day, thou canst not then be false to any man.
You know, I've been in this game for a lot of years and I got out alive. If you want my advice - give up.
There's something way down deep that's eternal about every human being.
The increase of disorder or entropy is what distinguishes the past from the future, giving a direction to time.
We live where the war is raging, chasing our crazy dreams.
Me and you, we got more yesterday than anybody. We need some kind of tomorrow.
I've made something of myself, I have the keys to the capitol, people respect me. But you, you're still nothing.
To devise is the work of the master, to execute the act of the servant.
You know I can't stop thinking about you, baby, and all of the magic coins that I need to collect.
I thought that we were falling in love but we weren't; only I was.
Faith always starts with desire. That means we want something to happen, badly.
Oh, you're too late. There's really nothing left to explore.
One should never be ashamed to cry. Tears are rain on the dust of earth.
Mary Elizabeth is a really nice person underneath the part of her that hates everyone.
This was the story of Howard Beale: the first known instance of a man who was killed because he had lousy ratings.
All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others.
I did not bow down to you, I bowed down to all the suffering of humanity.
We barely remember who or what came before this precious moment, choosing to be here right now.
Some of you may die, but it's a sacrifice I am willing to make.
A heart is not judged by how much you love but by how much you are loved by others.
I still think picking a hero is overrated. You pick one, you admire them; a week later they've been arrested.
Yes, of course duct tape works in a near-vacuum. Duct tape works anywhere. Duct tape is magic and should be worshiped.
He really had been through death, but he had returned because he could not bear the solitude.
If you give me just one more try we can pack up our old dreams and our old lives. We'll find a place where the sun still shines.
I can't sing a love song like the way it's meant to be. I guess I'm not that good anymore, but baby, that's just me.
You plonker, you think I don't know a toilet when I see one? You were going to flush me down the loo.
Death is a primitive concept. I prefer to think of them as battling evil in another dimension.
It is a good life we lead, brother. The best. May it never change. And may it never change us.
The ships hung in the sky in much the same way that bricks don't.
The ultimate way to compose is to be able to keyboard as fast as you can think so your thoughts can flow onto the screen.
I don't ever want to feel like I did that day. Take me to the place I love, take me all the way.
I was not born to be forced. I will breathe after my own fashion. Let us see who is the strongest.
Waits at the window, wearing the face that she keeps in a jar by the door. Who is it for?
And cruelly I recall why I have come: To find a reason. But there cannot be a reason, not for death, not like this.
Video killed the radio star. In my mind and in my car, we can't rewind, we've gone too far. Pictures came and broke your heart.
I have stones to sell, fat to chew, and many different men to see about many different ducks, so if I am not rushing you...
Son, your ego is writing checks your body can't cash.
I need you, the reader, to imagine us, for we don't really exist if you don't.
Nothing looks more suspicious in America than someone who's actually prepared to make something.
You'll tell them it didn't work out because it didn't. And you'll tell them the next thing will be better because it always is.
Do not go gentle into that good night. Rage, rage against the dying of the light.
An illuminating sunrise lights the sky to show that Earth will hold us each day that goes by.
You have technicians here making noise. No one is a musician, they are not artists because nobody can play the guitar.
I've always loathed the necessity of sleep. Like death, it puts even the most powerful men on their backs.
But when it is a question of the life of a king it is better to sacrifice the innocent than save the guilty.
This is the most uncomfortable coffin I've ever been in. Your selection is quite shoddy. You are wasting my time.
I may not have been sure about what really did interest me, but I was absolutely sure about what didn't.
New thoughts and hopes were whirling through my mind, and all the colours of my life were changing.
This is why dreams can be such dangerous things; they smolder on like a fire does, and sometimes consume us completely.
I'm not sure what he thinks is going to happen, but I've decided I'm going to write in it every day if I can.
Astounding! An actual, functional Mogu construct machine. We cannot allow this to fall into the wrong hands.
I think the devil doesn't exist, but man has created him, he has created him in his own image and likeness.
Taking a new step, uttering a new word, is what people fear most.
There exists in human nature a strong propensity to depreciate the advantages, and to magnify the evils, of the present times.
But I can't imagine a life without breathless moments breaking me down.
And why the winter suns so rush to bathe themselves in the sea and what slows down the nights to a long lingering crawl.
Horror and moral terror are your friends. If they are not, then they are enemies to be feared.
Myths explain the origins of the world or how human customs came to be.
You thought you'd found a friend to take you out of this place. Someone you could lend a hand in return for grace.
When I saw the break of day, I wished that I could fly away.
I don't think I've ever been to an appointment in my life where I wanted the other guy to show up.
I walk around with my arms out straight in front of me and recite these cliches. In a monotone. No inflection necessary.
Be not afraid of greatness. Some are born great, some achieve greatness, and others have greatness thrust upon them.
Freeze this moment a little bit longer. Make each sensation a little bit stronger. Experience slips away.
I came here to protect my son. I didn't come here to see you disguised by your church. I thought that was a shameful ceremony.
I am putting myself to the fullest possible use, which is all I think that any conscious entity can ever hope to do.
It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends.
And the point is, to live everything. Live the questions now.
He's more myself than I am. Whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same.
The past is history, future is a mystery, now is a gift, that's why they call it the present.
I'll be fine. I'll be waiting patiently till you see the signs and come running to my open arms.
If everybody minded their own business, the world would go around a great deal faster than it does.
I've got to get up in the morning and spend some more money on my overpriced education.
It's wildly irritating to have invented something as revolutionary as sarcasm, only to have it abused by amateurs.
When I look up from my pillow, I dream you are there with me. Though you are far away, I know you'll always be near to me.
It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune, must be in want of a wife.
The math is compelling. Most of the people in the world are not your customers. They haven't even heard of you actually.
I didn't tell Mama anything. I was just about to come up and wake you so that I could tell you.
Riches and pleasure seemed to him to be really greater tragedies than poverty or sorrow.
People only understand things in terms of their experience, which means that you must get within their experience.
One thing, or an infinite number of things, dies with every man's or woman's death.
Hokey religions and ancient weapons are no match for a good blaster at your side, kid.
Can you hear me, can you hear me? Through the dark night, far away I am dying, forever crying to be with you, who can say?
For you, the day Bison graced your village was the most important day of your life. But for me, it was Tuesday.
A good cook changes his knife once a year because he cuts. A mediocre cook changes his knife once a month because he hacks.
Do not meddle in the affairs of wizards, for they are subtle and quick to anger.
I think you're gonna find - when all this stuff is over and done - I think you're gonna find yourself one smiling guy.
It's funny. All you have to do is say something nobody understands and they'll do practically anything you want them to.
You can't convince me what I want and what I need are separate things.
When I'm tired and thinking cold, I hide in my music, forget the day, and dream of a girl I used to know.
Never trust the living! We cannot have a routine haunting like yours provide proof that there is existence beyond death.
This country is hard on people. Hard and crazy. Got the devil in it yet folks never seem to hold it to account.
I don't know what's weirder - that you're fighting a stuffed animal or that you seem to be losing.
Yeah. You know, it occurs to me that the best way you hurt rich people is by turning them into poor people.
When a majority of the people are hungry and cold they will take by force what they need.
Well, our daughter Becky left home for a year and a half and when she came back we barely recognized her.
His dream must have seemed so close that he could hardly fail to grasp it. He did not know that it was already behind him.
Love in action is a harsh and dreadful thing compared to love in dreams.
When their logic grows cold and all thinking gets done, you'll be warm in the arms of the Mayor of Simpleton.
When you have eliminated all which is impossible, then whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.
Man is by instinct a lover, a hunter, a fighter, and none of those instincts are given much play at the warehouse!
They got the greatest country in the world here. The highest standard of living. The grossest national product.
All the variety, all the charm, all the beauty of life is made up of light and shadow.
Right is right, and wrong is wrong, and a body ain't got no business doing wrong when he ain't ignorant and knows better.
All the girls in the world were divided into two classes: one class included all the girls in the world except her.
If you who own the things people must have could understand this, you might preserve yourself.
They, of course, didn't know me; but I knew them all right.
Very well. You want to do business with me. I will do business with you.
The right understanding of any matter and a misunderstanding of the same matter do not wholly exclude each other.
No matter how many men you kill, you can't kill your successor.
I'm going to kill a stranger, so don't you be a stranger.
The place is like a museum. It's very beautiful and very cold and you're not allowed to touch anything.
Anything that happens, happens. Anything that, in happening, causes something else to happen, causes something else to happen.
I've never felt this healthy before. I've never wanted something rational.
Crude and bad, 'cause we're from the wrong side of the lily pad.
I know enough of the world now to have almost lost the capacity of being much surprised by anything.
If sugar is so bad, how come Jesus made it taste so good?
Take me ten minutes to get a king size Coke and a wedge of pie. That is if that peckerwood ain't sold out yet.
There's something happening somewhere. Baby, I just know that there is.
Coal mining may be your life but it's not mine. I'm never going down there again. I wanna go into space.
And the more I drink the more I feel it. That's why I drink too. I try to find sympathy and feeling in drink.
Freedom is the freedom to say that two plus two make four. If that is granted, all else follows.
That's how you have to think of this. We're rewriting the history of human thought with what we're doing.
If you want to know what a man's like, take a good look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals.
Look, I know you're scared about where to go to college, but cuddle up and listen to papa. Life always works out. Usually.
Doreen had intuition. Everything she said was like a secret voice speaking straight out of my own bones.
Give me that man that is not passion's slave, and I will wear him in my heart's core, in my heart of heart, as I do thee.
This is my last message to you: in sorrow, seek happiness.
Persons with any weight of character carry, like planets, their atmospheres along with them in their orbits.
Let's take a drive into the middle of nowhere with a packet of Marlboro lights and talk about our lives.
It must have been love, but it's over now. It must have been good, but I lost it somehow.
My father is no different than any powerful man, any man with power, like a president or senator.
It will seem difficult at first, but everything is difficult at first.
Any sufficiently advanced technique is, to the layperson, indistinguishable from magic.
By venturing too close to the dragon's flame, you made an ash out of yourself.
Just because you're paranoid doesn't mean they aren't after you.
You see, George, you've really had a wonderful life. Don't you see what a mistake it would be to throw it away?
I feel no grief for being called something which I am not; in fact, it's enthralling, somehow, like a good back rub.
I don't know. Well, things are just never the way they seem, Arletta, you know that. A man's just gotta go his own way.
Rest assured that I was on the internet within minutes registering my disgust throughout the world.
The distinguishing mark of man is the hand, the instrument with which he does all his mischief.
Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better... It's not.
Believe me, the irony of being a blind art dealer isn't lost on me.
Scottie, do you believe that someone out of the past - someone dead - can enter and take possession of a living being?
Nowadays people know the price of everything and the value of nothing.
Friend, have the courage to care little for wealth, and shape yourself, you too, to merit godhead.
The spirits that I summoned up I now can't rid myself of.
We sailed up to the sun, till we found the sea of green and we lived beneath the waves in our yellow submarine.
You'd think at a certain point all these atypical somethings would amount to a typical something.
All five horizons revolved around her soul as the earth to the sun.
I believe in angels, something good in everything I see. When I know the time is right for me I'll cross the stream.
Straight up now tell me, do you really wanna love me forever, or am I caught in a hit and run?
I don't think I'd have been in such a hurry to reach adulthood if I'd known the whole thing was going to be ad-libbed.
You can have success or excuses, but you can't have them both.
Sixty-four thousand dollars for a question, I hope they are asking you the meaning of life.
If I can't even manage a polite smile, I'll be in trouble in the real world.
The gates of Hell are open night and day; smooth the descent and easy is the way.
Inside tank of fuel is not fuel, but love. Above us, there is nothing above but the stars above.
I could easily forgive his pride, if he had not mortified mine.
She seems to have an invisible touch, yeah. She reaches in and grabs right hold of your heart.
I know not all that may be coming, but be it what it will, I'll go to it laughing.
The sun did not shine. It was too wet to play. So we sat in the house. All that cold, cold, wet day.
Tonight the light of love is in your eyes, but will you love me tomorrow?
I have not broken your heart - you have broken it; and in breaking it, you have broken mine.
We penetrated deeper and deeper into the heart of darkness.
The enemy is anybody who's going to get you killed, no matter which side he is on.
Every new beginning comes from some other beginning's end.
A meaningful relationship between two people cannot sustain itself only in the present tense.
To dream in isolation can be properly splendid to be sure; but to dream in company seems to me infinitely preferable.
If memories could be canned, would they also have expiry dates? If so, I hope they last for centuries.
I have often wished to be human. I study people carefully in order to more closely approximate human behavior.
What then is time? If no one asks me, I know what it is. If I wish to explain it to him who asks, I do not know.
So it's all come back round to breaking apart again. Breaking apart like I'm made up of glass again.
For romantics would be seen as dangerous as free-thinkers. Until then, he saw great advantage to teaming up with her.
Do they come to bury the others or to be entombed to give life or to receive it?
You want to know what I want. I'll tell you what I want. I want back what Bobby Fischer took with him when he disappeared.
Never become used to anything you love. It blunts the edge of appreciation.
What a charming reconciler and peacemaker money is!
The movements which work revolutions in the world are born out of the dreams and visions in a peasant's heart on the hillside.
Do they not know that my subjects require for their exposition experience rather than the words of others?
Long brooding over those lost pleasures exaggerates their charm and sweetness.
Avoid using the same word for two purposes. Using the same term for two different ideas is essentially a pun.
Her hair reminds me of a warm safe place where as a child I'd hide and pray for the thunder and the rain to quietly pass me by.
I've seen it watching me, that misty thing without a face. It weaves my thoughts, lined them up in black lace.
You got a fetish for my love. I push you out and you come right back. Don't see a point in blaming you.
I've often felt that dreams are answers to questions we haven't yet figured out how to ask.
Say it ain't so, I will not go. Turn the lights off, carry me home.
In preparing for battle I have always found that plans are useless, but planning is indispensable.
What's in a name? That is what we ask ourselves in childhood when we write the name that we are told is ours.
There are very few things I wish I could change about those two decades, but there are many things I wish I had known.
There is absolutely no inevitability as long as there is a willingness to contemplate what is happening.
I am a world before I am a man. I was a creature before I could stand. I will remember before I forget. Before I forget that!
In the end, L is indeed the greatest detective on earth...
To go wrong in one's own way is better than to go right in someone else's.
The softness and fragility of baby animals caused us the same intense pain.
Sweet dreams are made of this. Who am I to disagree? I travel the world and the seven seas. Everybody's looking for something.
Now kids, just 'cause we lost the family stand doesn't mean we can't sell our produce out of a janky wheelbarrow.
Remember how you said your parents use you to get back at each other? Wouldn't I be outstanding in that capacity?
Break my heart. Break it a thousand times if you like. It was only ever yours to break anyway.
Last night while everyone was sleeping, I drove through my old neighborhood and resurrected memories from ashes.
My heart is like an open highway. Like Frankie said, I did it my way. I just want to live while I'm alive.
There is mystery everywhere. Beneath rocks, there is damp earth and an army of ants planning a revolution.
Of course it is in your head Harry, but why should that mean it isn't real?
No one's gonna drag you up to get into the light where you belong. But where do you belong?
Is that what your little note says? It must be hard living your life off a couple of scraps of paper.
For what do we live, but to make sport for our neighbors, and laugh at them in our turn?
And dusk crept over the sky from the eastern horizon, and darkness crept over the land from the east.
All we had to do was follow the damn train, CJ!
I can't believe I used to love the 1st day of school.
Is it really not possible to touch the gaming table without being instantly infected by superstition?
You have been on my mind, I've been trying to let it go. I've been trying to find something as incredible.
There's an old voice in my head that's holding me back. Well, tell her that I miss our little talks.
If you want a picture of the future, imagine a boot stamping on a human face - forever.
From being used so much, kneaded with sweat and sighs, the air in the room had begun to turn to mud.
It's no use going back to yesterday, because I was a different person then.
I find chemistry to be magical. I find it an adventure, an exploration into the physical building blocks of our universe.
All children have to be deceived if they are to grow up without trauma.
There's a piece of Maria in every song that I sing. And the price of a memory is the memory of the sorrow it brings.
You can, you should, and if you're brave enough to start, you will.
To learn what we fear is to learn who we are. Horror defies our boundaries and illuminates our souls.
Even if you're falling, that's okay. There's a trampoline waiting for you. You just have to believe.
You lured me away from home, just to save you from being alone. You stole my soul and that's a pain I can do without.
If I wasn't a key player in this whole conspiracy to brainwash the youth of America with rock music we could totally date!
He knew everything there was to know about literature, except how to enjoy it.
A person who has not done one half his day's work by ten o'clock, runs a chance of leaving the other half undone.
And now my bitter hands cradle broken glass of what was everything.
It was too big to be called a sword. Massive, thick, heavy, and far too rough. Indeed, it was a heap of raw iron.
It sounds plausible enough tonight, but wait until tomorrow. Wait for the common sense of the morning.
It's not easy to juggle a pregnant wife and a troubled child, but somehow I managed to fit in eight hours of TV a day.
I learnt long ago to hate my enemies, but I've never loved one before.
You mean you'll put down your rock and I'll put down my sword and we'll try and kill each other like civilized people?
We all know him to be a proud, unpleasant sort of man; but this would be nothing if you really liked him.
You have the ring. And I see that your Schwartz is as big as mine. Now, let's see how well you handle it.
We stare at broken clocks, the hands don't turn anymore. The days turn into nights, empty hearts and empty places.
A computer needs a manager to administer its operations, just as a company needs a manager. And that is what DOS is. A manager.
Psychology claims that when you can't sleep at night, you are actually awake in someone's dream.
He had set his features into the expression of quiet optimism which it was advisable to wear when facing the telescreen.
But the law of loving others could not be discovered by reason, because it is unreasonable.
Here in town there's only she who is beautiful as me, so I'm making plans to woo and marry Belle.
So, I guess we are who we are for a lot of reasons. And maybe we'll never know most of them.
A few light taps upon the pane made him turn to the window. It had begun to snow again.
Losing shouldn't be fun. It's not fun for me. If I'm going to be miserable, you're going to be miserable.
There are 10 kinds of people in this world; those who understand binary, and those who don't.
What is the answer? In that case, what is the question?
You underestimate the power of the Dark Side. If you will not fight, then you will meet your destiny.
Be open to your dreams, people. Embrace that distant shore. Because our mortal journey is over all too soon.
Life is to be lived, not controlled; and humanity is won by continuing to play in face of certain defeat.
So ya, thought ya might like to go to the show. To feel the warm thrill of confusing that space cadet glow.
You're so deceitful you can't ask for water when you're thirsty. We could tangle spiders in the webs you weave.
Wow. This is the first time I've walked down the aisle without the possibility of it ending in divorce.
Let this moment of clarity lift this curse that has been cast upon me.
A moment seen through those eyes, crystal blue disguise. They say that all beauty must die, I say it just moves on.
I think it's good that we talk. I have a problem. Now I have to find out if it is my problem or your problem.
People tend to think that their beliefs are absolutely true - but in reality these beliefs are true only for them.
That's a good idea. Four unidentifiable high school students lost their lives early this morning when their toy rocket exploded.
People don't suffer from insanity, they love every minute of it.
It means no worries for the rest of your days. It's our problem free philosophy, Hakuna Matata.
The Peacocks are not dancing so it will not rain. The Peacocks are not dancing so it will not rain? Have you been smoking Ganja?
I couldn't bear to think about it; and yet, somehow, I couldn't think about nothing else.
I need a love reaction. Come on now, baby, give me just one look.
Human beings are experts in wishful thinking and obscuring the truth.
In a word, I was too cowardly to do what I knew to be right, as I had been too cowardly to avoid doing what I knew to be wrong.
Audrey, there are many cures for a broken heart. But nothing quite like a trout's leap in the moonlight.
A man as smart as you has probably considered this. A man as smart as you probably has a plan.
All at sea again, and now my hurricanes, have brought down this ocean rain, to bathe me again.
What a tale he's told, what a bitter bowl of war he's drunk to the dregs.
Notoriety, for whatever reason, never seems to benefit the noted, only the notees.
My mind is aglow with whirling, transient nodes of thought careening through a cosmic vapor of invention.
It's the job that's never started as takes longest to finish, as my old gaffer used to say.
Too much mystery is merely an annoyance. Too much adventure is exhausting. And a little terror goes a long way.
The spirits burned up in its ominous flame lose their way and wander this world forever.
I have no idea how people function without near-constant internal chaos. I'd lose my mind.
Your strength is just an accident arising from the weakness of others.
If Realism called it like it saw it, Metafiction simply called it as it saw itself seeing itself see it.
The difference between treason and patriotism is only a matter of dates.
I touch no one and no one touches me. I am a rock, I am an island. And a rock feels no pain; and an island never cries.
If the experts are baffled, how can the rest of us understand what's going on?
One town's very like another when your head's down over your pieces, brother.
You can use your mother's old golf clubs. They're upstairs, gathering dust, along with the rest of her potential.
When you hit rock-bottom, you still have a way to go until the abyss.
Don't want to touch you but you're under my skin. I want to kiss you but your lips are venomous poison.
Sometimes when he brushed, he felt like he was scrubbing at the very crust of his soul.
A mind not to be changed by place or time. The mind is its own place, and in itself can make a heav'n of hell, a hell of heav'n.
You are beautiful on the inside; you are innocence personified, and I will drag you down and sell you out. Run away!
Give us this day our daily discount outlet merchandise. Raise up a multiplex and we will make a sacrifice.
I'm worse at what I do best. And for this gift I feel blessed. Our little group has always been. And always will until the end.
Never give up. Most races are decided in the last 10 percent of the race.
If you ain't true to yourself then you ain't true to nobody.
An excellent leader must be passionate because it's their duty to keep everyone moving forward.
Cruz has never been my favorite person, I'll give you that. But an enemy? There's no sense in having those if we can help it.
When you are immune to the opinions and actions of others, you won't be the victim of needless suffering.
Hope you're feeling better now, hope you got my letter, how is my stormy weather now, is it gonna change?
To wash down your chicken nuggets with virtually any soft drink in the supermarket is to have some corn with your corn.
And you're to tell him nothing personal, Starling. Believe me, you don't want Hannibal Lecter inside your head.
Carry on my wayward son. There'll be peace when you are done. Lay your weary head to rest. Don't you cry no more.
Mitch, there's something you're going to have to understand. Compared to you, most people have the IQ of a carrot.
If you spend your whole life waiting for the storm, you'll never enjoy the sunshine.
Lead me out on the moonlit floor. Lift your open hand, strike up the band and make the fireflies dance.
The night's always waiting, still and unseen. The harder you focus, the darker it seems.
In a world of human wreckage where I'm lost and I'm found and I can't touch the ground, I'm plowed into the sound.
Learning isn't a way of reaching one's potential but rather a way of developing it.
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear - not absence of fear.
A man is the sum of his misfortunes. One day you'd think misfortune would get tired but then time is your misfortune.
Grown-up people do not know that a child can give exceedingly good advice even in the most difficult case.
I thought her looking as she always does: superior in all respects to everyone around her.
The flower that blooms in adversity is the rarest and most beautiful of all.
Do you know what would happen if I suddenly decided to stop going into work?
What difference does it make if it's true? If it's a story and it breaks they're gonna run with it.
I'm not sure she's capable of any real feelings. She's television generation. She learned life from Bugs Bunny.
If that's true, if you don't know who I am, then maybe your best course would be to tread lightly.
But the law of loving others could not be discovered by reason, because it is unreasonable.
A library of books is the fairest garden in the world, and to walk there is an ecstasy.
There is a trick for learning to type faster. That trick is to type words rather than letters.
They may torture my body, break my bones, even kill me, then they will have my dead body. Not my obedience!
Since I am innocent of this crime, sir, I find it decidedly inconvenient that the gun was never found.
It's like, how much more black could this be? And the answer is none. None more black.
Oh, yes. The past can hurt. But the way I see it, you can either run from it... or learn from it.
Lured into dental condemnation by my own teeth, I felt lost and betrayed.
She's got a smile that, it seems to me, reminds me of childhood memories, where everything was as fresh as the bright blue sky.
It's funny. All you have to do is say something nobody understands and they'll do practically anything you want them to.
Hello. My name is Leonard Lowe. It has been explained to me that I've been away for quite some time. I'm back.
Reading is a quick and efficient process because accomplished readers perceive patterns rather than individual letters.
The way you made them suffer, your exquisite wife and mother, fills me with the urge to defecate!
Here, take a cookie. I promise, by the time you're done eating it, you'll feel right as rain.
Ah, merciless love, is there any length to which you cannot force the human heart to go?
There is the heat of love, the pulsing rush of longing, the lover's whisper, irresistible - magic to make the sanest man go mad.
I never realized till now how ugly I am, because you're so beautiful.
It is the quality of one's convictions that determines one's success, not the number of followers.
Anyone could become obsessed with the past with a background like that!
For tonight's final illusion, we have the incredible sack of mystery. If you put your money in it, it mysteriously disappears.
Everyone thinks they are above average, which is statistically impossible.
Okay everybody, gather round. I want you to watch me pay these bills.
I've found it. I've found it. I have found a reagent which is precipitated by hemoglobin, and by nothing else.
Movin' right along, footloose and fancy free. Getting there is half the fun; come share it with me.
I also worked on their hydraulic system. If you ask me, I don't think one of those guys has seen a generator before in his life.
The greatest enemy of knowledge is not ignorance, it is the illusion of knowledge.
My lamp burns low, and I have written far into the night; but the dear presence, without which I were nothing, bears me company.
It's amazing how much of my life has been determined by a quarter inch piece of plastic.
Never give up, no matter how far behind you are, no matter how unlikely it seems you will catch your competitor in front of you.
Bless me father, for I have really sinned. Really. I'm not kidding here. Big sinner.
You got a God. Don't make no difference if you don't know what he looks like.
"No one ever arrives home," she says amiably. "But when the paths of friends meet, the whole world looks like home for a while."
Her Majesty created the Torchwood Institute with the express intention of keeping Britain great and fighting the alien horde.
The prosecution will wait... I'm not finished eating.
Hey, I just met you and this is crazy, but here's my number, so call me maybe.
A man of genius makes no mistakes. His errors are volitional and are the portals of discovery.
Most people are other people. Their thoughts are someone else's opinions, their lives a mimicry, their passions a quotation.
Your faith was strong but you needed proof. You saw her bathing on the roof. Her beauty in the moonlight overthrew you.
The fact that my internal arrangement differs from yours, Doctor, pleases me no end.
I suddenly remembered my Charlemagne. Let my armies be the rocks and the trees and the birds in the sky.
Does this look inanimate to you, punk? If I can move and I can talk, who's to say I can't do anything I want?
If you've got enough time to fantasize about your beautiful death, why don't you live your life beautifully to the end?
I'm not promoting the economic upside as much as I am the opportunity to drink something giant and blue.
I've always been afraid that if I screamed, I might break apart in a million pieces.
I can't remember if I cried when I read about his widowed bride, but something touched me deep inside, the day the music died.
A truth once seen by a single mind ends up by imposing itself on the totality of human consciousness.
Pacific, Mountain, Central. You lose an hour, you gain an hour. This is your life, and it's ending one minute at a time.
Fluoridation is the most monstrously conceived and dangerous communist plot we have ever had to face.
If I'm at a party where I'm not enjoying myself, I will put some cookies in my jacket pocket and leave without saying goodbye.
Popular is even weirder. Turns out, it's not the same thing as having friends at all.
All man's miseries derive from not being able to sit quietly in a room alone.
My advice to you. I know you think those guys are your friends. You wanna be a true friend to them? Be honest, and unmerciful.
My brain was just pouring this stuff out. Everything I'd ever read, heard, seen was now organized and available.
Many, many men have been just as troubled morally and spiritually as you are right now.
Don't say you're happy out there without me. I know you can't be, 'cause it's no good.
Are the stars out tonight? I don't know if it's clouded or bright. I only have eyes for you.
I can see a new horizon underneath the blazing sky. I'll be where the eagle's flying higher and higher.
He's holding back, he's hiding - but what, I can't decide. Why won't he be the king I know he is, the king I see inside?
Until they became conscious they will never rebel, and until after they have rebelled they cannot become conscious.
My thermos flask keeps hot drinks hot, and cold drinks cold. But how does it know?
It is not necessary to accept everything as true, one must only accept it as necessary.
I'll swear all the clocks in the world have gone centuries slower since I came here.
I know what "exacerbate" means. There is not a word or a sentence or a concept that you can illuminate for me.
There ain't no sin and there ain't no virtue. There's just stuff people do.
The ingenious are always fanciful, and the truly imaginative never otherwise than analytic.
I wish I were a girl again, half-savage and hardy, and free.
Even a little girl like you, Aravis, must see that it would be quite absurd to suppose he is a real lion.
We loved each other with a premature love, marked by a fierceness that so often destroys adult lives.
He doesn't know anything. After all, he doesn't know that life is impossible here now. Nothing left here. The church is gone.
It's too easy to criticize a man when he's out of favour, and to make him shoulder the blame for everybody else's mistakes.
Now, sir, we'll talk if you like. I'll tell you right out, I'm a man who likes talking to a man who likes to talk.
Surely there can't be so many countries worth dying for. Anything worth living for is worth dying for.
You're like the sun and I am Earth - together we're one. But someday your fire will die and I'll grow cold without sunlight.
You couldn't bring yourself to kill me before and I don't believe you'll destroy me now.
Would I rather be feared or loved? Easy, both. I want people to be afraid of how much they love me.
It doesn't actually take very much to make the deepest part of us incredibly happy.
Red rover, red rover, let the terrorists come over!
Since you won that Italian bike, man, you've been acting weird. You're really getting to think you're Italian, aren't you?
We're all pretty bizarre. Some of us are just better at hiding it, that's all.
It's time to kick ass and chew bubble gum... and I'm all outta gum.
Contrary to my advice you took the job. I offered you something better. Something in the legitimate world.
Delicacy and dignity are taught by one's own heart, not by a dancing master.
The burned hand teaches best. After that advice about fire goes to the heart.
It's usually best to run as quick as you can for the first few laps, then settle into a comfortable, consistent pace.
I've got more sizzle than a rasher of bacon. I'm hungry and it ain't meals on wheels I'm after - it's you.
Elves seldom give unguarded advice, for advice is a dangerous gift, even from the wise to the wise, and all courses may run ill.
Of so little weight are the greatest services to princes, when put into the balance with a refusal to gratify their passions.
Little brat. I invent the game, find the kid, drag him up there, and he doesn't wanna be a Starfighter. I give up!
I enjoy talking to you. Your mind appeals to me. It resembles my own mind except that you happen to be insane.
Everything I know is wrong. Everything I do just comes undone and everything is torn apart. That's the hardest part.
Now I am become Death, the destroyer of worlds.
He disappeared again, like the cat in that Russian story.
Don't adventures ever have an end? I suppose not. Someone else always has to carry on the story.
Why, sometimes I've believed as many as six impossible things before breakfast.
Think you're escaping and run into yourself. Longest way round is the shortest way home.
Yes, I read the letter, you licentious quack! And what facile tripe it is! "We both need time to grow, to develop as people!"
In this world, you must be oh so smart, or oh so pleasant. Well, for years I was smart. I recommend pleasant. You may quote me.
Wrongfully imprisoned action heroes rarely have the time to wait for an appeal.
Here I was born, and there I died. It was only a moment for you; you took no notice.
How can I explain when there are few words I can choose? How can I explain when words get broken?
His long black hair crackled, and crazy energies flashed out from the tips of his long fingers.
Thank you for opening my eyes to what a loser I am! How much do I owe you for those pearls of wisdom?
Human life is but a series of footnotes to a vast obscure unfinished masterpiece.
It was her habit to build up laughter out of inadequate materials.
No one in the history of torture's been tortured with torture like the torture you'll be tortured with!
Friday night, always a good night for some Sabbath... 'cause, you know, Friday is the Sabbath for the Jews.
If you don't like how things are, change it! You're not a tree.
The secret of a good old age is simply an honorable pact with solitude.
Well, maybe the exposure affected his mind. Nonsensical repetitive behavior is a common trait of mental illness.
Well, I say yes. There is more money potential in narcotics than anything else we're looking at now.
I'm not familiar with that address. Would you please repeat the destination?
You can't blame me. They've been making statues for some two thousand years, and I've only been collecting for five.
For one, a lot of commercial cooking is designed to appeal to the palate via a salty, fatty, or sugary assault on the senses.
Many introverted hackers who are next to inarticulate in person communicate with considerable fluency over the net.
Ten percent of whatever they were gonna steal. One time, I "accidentally" left the watch case open and I got like 500 bucks!
Nothing, except he doesn't want it. He loves music; he wants his life to be in music.
It's my own fault, and nobody else's, that I got confused. I've been having so much fun, I forgot to take my medicine.
This here is Daisy Domergue. She's wanted dead or alive for murder, so when that sun comes out, I'm taking this woman to hell!
You're asking me why? I did it 'cause I was bored.
Our people are good people; our people are kind people. Pray God some day kind people won't all be poor.
You know, pizza's actually not from Italy. I read that Marco Polo discovered it in China and then brought it back to Italy.
Look thoroughly into matters, and let not the peculiar quality or intrinsic value of anything escape you.
Have you ever fixed a nose before? No, but I've done several toes, and how different are they really?
'Cause I don't care too much for money, money can't buy me love.
To ensure the safe performance of all authorized activities, do not destroy vital testing apparatus.
Strange, isn't it? Each man's life touches so many other lives. When he isn't around he leaves an awful hole, doesn't he?
Often the trouble with magical things. They're never quite what you'd expect.
And the little screaming fact that sounds through all history: repression works only to strengthen and knit the repressed.
She just looked at me uncomprehendingly like cows at a passing train.
When the greatest hero of my party Abraham Lincoln debated he didn't need any rules. He wasn't afraid of a real debate.
A Party member is required to have not only the right opinions, but the right instincts.
I must be cruel only to be kind; thus bad begins, and worse remains behind.
Whoever in discussion adduces authority uses not intellect but rather memory.
When there's gunshots, there's bound to be bullets.
Truly I was born to be an example of misfortune, and a target at which the arrows of adversary are aimed.
I know someday you'll have a beautiful life, I know you'll be a star.
Will Mars be always in your windy tongue and in your flying feet?
Hain't we got all the fools in town on our side? And hain't that a big enough majority in any town?
Everybody thinks they are protecting and defending their people. But we are all people, right?
It's said war - war never changes. Men do, through the roads they walk. And this road... has reached its end.
That's great it starts with an earthquake. Birds and snakes and aeroplanes and Lenny Bruce is not afraid.
The only thing we had in common was that she was from Iowa, and I had once heard of Iowa.
The law is the true embodiment of everything that's excellent. It has no kind of fault or flaw, and I, my Lords, embody the law.
As long as people believe in absurdities, they will continue to commit atrocities.
Be with me always - take any form - drive me mad! Only do not leave me in this abyss, where I cannot find you!
When you marry champagne, you can't trade it in for beer. You're stuck with it.
You cannot fly with the eagles if you continue to scratch with the turkeys.
I just can't sit any other way than this. If I sit the way other people do, my reasoning ability drops by 40%.
Twilight, again. Another ending. No matter how perfect the day is, it always has to end.
I made a very important discovery at Camp Currie. Happiness consists in getting enough sleep. Just that, nothing more.
Undoubtedly, philosophers are in the right when they tell us that nothing is great or little otherwise than by comparison.
What is better? To be born good or to overcome your evil nature through great effort?
If no one is around you, say I love you if you ain't runnin' game.
Every whisper of every waking hour I'm choosing my confessions. Trying to keep an eye on you like a hurt, lost and blinded fool.
I hate bactine because it gets on my fingers and I get eczema from the lidocaine.
So, throughout life, our worst weaknesses and meannesses are usually committed for the sake of the people whom we most despise.
Up ahead they's a thousan' lives we might live, but when it comes it'll on'y be one.
And in exceptional cases we can make one ovary yield us over fifteen thousand adult individuals.
I'm not a big fat panda. I'm THE big fat panda.
Why waste your final hours racing about your cage denying you're a squirrel?
Oh, trust me, Doc, bringing psychiatric drugs and teenagers together is like opening a lemonade stand in the desert.
Look, Daddy. Teacher says, every time a bell rings an angel gets his wings.
The derby is over and the results are in. Last place... YOU!
When's it my turn? Wouldn't I love, love to explore that shore up above? Out of the sea, wish I could be part of that world.
Shoot all the blue jays you want, if you can hit 'em, but remember that it's a sin to kill a mockingbird.
I knew it was you. You have your father's eyes. - And my mother's ears, but the rest belongs to you.
Someday, I will repay you. Unless of course, I can't find you... or if I forget.
Besides, nowadays, almost all capable people are terribly afraid of being ridiculous, and are miserable because of it.
I know you can be underwhelmed, and you can be overwhelmed, but can you ever just be, like, whelmed?
Some tourists think Amsterdam is a city of sin, but in truth it is a city of freedom. And in freedom, most people find sin.
He was an old man! Half the time he was confused! How could he be positive about anything?
If you come soon you'll find breakfast on the table. If you come late you'll get grass and rain-water!
When the green lights came on, pedestrians skirted or jumped across the puddles gathering at the curbs.
I've heard there was a secret chord that David played, and it pleased the Lord, but you don't really care for music, do you?
His palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy. There's vomit on his sweater already, mom's spaghetti.
Oh, I don't read. I skulk about in search of quotations that might make me appear educated.
If you can meet with Triumph and Disaster, and treat those two impostors just the same...
She drives me crazy like no one else. She drives me crazy, and I can't help myself.
She abandoned the two of you. I didn't. You should spend less time in a state of resistance, making up problems for yourself.
Don't worry, Commander Rester, making assumptions is part of any investigation. If we're wrong, all it'll cost is an apology.
Grief is like a drunken house guest, always coming back for one more goodbye hug.
We are Sex Bob-Omb and we are here to make you think about death and get sad and stuff!
Yeah, over here. It's only been a year. I was dirt broke, now I'm balling like a sphere.
Problems are mind-made and need time to survive. They cannot survive in the actuality of the Now.
"The future is in our hands..." Yeah. That may be true. But that doesn't mean it's bright for everyone.
It's 106 miles to Chicago, we got a full tank of gas, half a pack of cigarettes, it's dark and we're wearing sunglasses.
It was not the thorn bending to the honeysuckles, but the honeysuckles embracing the thorn.
Baby, ever wondered why I could make you laugh and cry? Eclipsing all your summer skies, some things never change.
And werewolves have claws. Robots can have claws. You know, in many ways, the werewolf is nature's robot.
Do you know how much I make a year? I mean, even if I told you, you wouldn't believe it.
You there, my friend. Come, let me hold you. Now, with a sigh you grow warm in my hand, my friend, my clever friend.
Results are not guaranteed, but if not perfectly satisfied, your wasted time will be refunded.
Look, when I came here, my eyes were big blue question marks. Now they're big green dollar marks.
Have some of column A, try all of column B. I'm in the mood to help you, dude. You ain't never had a friend like me.
With my bow and arrow, I shot the hero Achilles right in his weak spot - his heel!
All happy families are alike; each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.
A tinker's debt is always paid: Once for any simple trade. Twice for freely-given aid. Thrice for any insult made.
Why can't I live as well as my parents did? Will I still have a job next year? What will happen to my kids?
Don't give me that. I'm sick and tired of facts! You can twist 'em anyway you like, you know what I mean?
My words fly up, my thoughts remain below: words without thoughts never to heaven go.
I'll miss the sea, but a person needs new experiences. Without change something sleeps inside us, and seldom awakens.
I haven't won my wings yet. That's why I'm called an Angel Second Class. I have to earn them. And you'll help me, will you?
Not so happy, yet much happier. Thou shalt get kings, though thou be none.
Hello! What do you think you're doing? Only me and Garth get to talk to the camera.
It's either the 4th of July or someone's trying to kill us!
Nothing was your own except the few cubic centimetres inside your skull.
He was so deadly, in fact, that his enemies would go blind from over-exposure to pure awesomeness!
You cannot, sir, take from me any thing that I will more willingly part withal: except my life, except my life, except my life.
You must learn some of my philosophy. Think only of the past as its remembrance gives you pleasure.
Some men are born mediocre, some men achieve mediocrity, and some men have mediocrity thrust upon them.
Don't get officious. You're not yourself when you're officious. That is the curse of a government job.
Study hard, and you will be rewarded. Fail to do so, and the consequences may be... severe.
Remember: I'll do the talking. You sit there quietly with your most charming smile.
Mankind is resilient: the atrocities that horrified us a week ago become acceptable tomorrow.
I wish I had your passion, Ray... Misdirected though it might be, it is still a passion.
It was unbelievable, but perhaps only the unbelievable could be believed. Perhaps the truth was always a lie.
This is what happens when an unstoppable force meets an immovable object.
Thoughts arrive like butterflies. Oh, he don't know, so he chases them away.
You know, they say when you talk to God it's prayer but when God talks to you it's schizophrenia.
Stop! You have violated the Law! Pay the court a fine or serve your sentence. Your stolen goods are now forfeit.
Prestige! Sir, is it nothing? To be revered by fools, gaped at by children, envied by the rich and scorned by the wise.
Doublethink means the power of holding two contradictory beliefs in one's mind simultaneously, and accepting both of them.
Very simple was my explanation, and plausible enough - as most wrong theories are!
Give me honorable enemies rather than ambitious ones, and I'll sleep more easily by night.
One morning I shot an elephant in my pajamas. How he got in my pajamas, I don't know.
The spirits it absorbs fuel its baleful fire. It hangs around hospitals waiting for people to pass on.
I beheld the wretch - the miserable monster whom I had created.
And to think, if it weren't for you... I never would've danced at all.
The first crewed US space missions were named for Apollo, the god of archery and prophesy.
I'm the great pretender, pretending that I'm doing well. My need is such I pretend too much. I'm lonely but no one can tell.
On a Saturday, long Saturday night - how I lied when I said I was out. I was sitting at home doing nothing; I don't know why.
Could you please continue the petty bickering? I find it most intriguing.
Whenever I'm about to do something, I think, 'Would an idiot do that?' And if they would, I do not do that thing.
And if you lose me, then you'll know I, I loved you. And I wanted to go on loving you.
Everyone in this town fears God, but you know who God fears? The Teachers Union.
So long, Pop! I'm off to check my tiger trap! I rigged a tuna fish sandwich yesterday, so I'm sure to have a tiger by now!
I'm waking up to ash and dust, I wipe my brow and I sweat my rust. I'm breathing in the chemicals.
Hey, Blowhole, wherever you are, in forty-five minutes I'm going to be famous. And you know what you're going to be? A blowhole!
All hands on deck at dawn, sailing to sadder shores. Your port in my heavy storms, harbors the blackest thoughts.
Funding. That's what makes your ships go up. I'll tell you something, and you guys too: No bucks, no Buck Rogers.
It was behind you, Tyrone, whenever you reverse things come from behind you!
I'm a broke-nose fighter. I'm a loose-lipped liar. Searching for the edge of darkness. But all I get is just tired.
The intelligent person is able to identify a problem and find its optimum solution. Hence, intelligence is effectiveness.
I'm not questioning your powers of observation, I'm merely remarking upon the paradox of asking a masked man who he is.
I know why you did it. I know you were afraid. Who wouldn't be?
Don't practice too much at first, or you're likely to develop incorrect patterns or movements.
Silvio Dante: His brains are splattered all over the seat. Paulie Walnuts: Joey Peeps? Couldn't have been too much to clean up.
You dare bring light to my lair? You must die!
A lady's imagination is very rapid; it jumps from admiration to love, from love to matrimony in a moment.
Miracles are illusions caused by insufficient observation and understanding. They're just... glorious misunderstandings.
Many rivers to cross but I can't seem to find my way over. Wandering, I am lost as I travel along the white cliffs of Dover.
The brain best remembers things that are repeated, rhythmic, rhyming, structured, and above all easily visualized.
A duck walked up to a lemonade stand and he said to the man running the stand, "Hey! (Bum bum bum) Got any grapes?"
Herbert, I do not need a computerized service to help me find girls. I meet 'em the old-fashioned way: I pick them up in bars.
What condemnation could possibly be more harsh than one's own, when self-pretense is no longer possible?
Dozens of people spontaneously combust each year. It's just not really widely reported.
The Bluebird of Happiness long absent from his life, Ned is visited by the Chicken of Depression.
In the early history of topology, results were primarily motivated by investigations of real-world problems.
Jessie, Randolph was peculiar. Any man who would go to Ecuador to sell wall-to-wall carpet is not all there.
Lucid but wholly false recollections can easily be induced by a few cues and questions. Memory can be contaminated.
Do the Wall Street shuffle. Hear the money rustle. Watch the greenbacks tumble. Feel the Sterling crumble.
Hissing in rage, jaws gaping and fangs bared, the serpent shot forward, striking at Taran. Eilonwy screamed.
The dewy night unrolls a heaven thickly jewelled with sparkling stars.
Speak roughly to your little boy and beat him when he sneezes! He only does it to annoy, because he knows it teases!
Because people like you. You're quiet. You say "excuse me". You look like little birds help you get dressed in the morning.
The most spectacular, amazing, unequivocally, unbelievable ending in the history of the world! And we don't even know who won!
What's the matter with you guys? You all know he's guilty! He's got to burn! You're letting him slip through our fingers!
Mr. Worf, villains who twirl their mustaches are easy to spot. Those who clothe themselves in good deeds are well-camouflaged.
Imagine if Christopher Columbus had come back from the New World and no one returned in his footsteps.
This is called 90 Mile Beach because it is exactly 55 miles long. I don't understand that either.
Lisa, get in here! In this house, we obey the laws of thermodynamics!
Commas and periods always go inside quotation marks. Colons and semicolons always go outside quotation marks.
I'm sure that in 1985 plutonium is available in every corner drugstore but in 1955 it's a little hard to come by.
Zis tank is ze ultimate veapon. You vill not vin!
My mama always said, "Life was like a box of chocolates. You never know what you're gonna get."
It's not enough to change a few little habits! Everybody I know needs a complete personality overhaul!
Whoa, pal, you aren't trying to cheat, are you? Now, I know that you know better. You're disqualified! Next time, play fair!
Like I said, my uncle used to drive his truck and drink Old Milwaukee.
I'm afraid I can't explain myself, sir. Because I am not myself, you see?
The assembled hordes of Genghis Khan couldn't get through that door and believe me, they've tried.
This is not a psychotic breakdown; it's a cleansing moment of clarity.
You know it's Nick Crompton and my collar stay poppin'. Yes, I can rap and no, I am not from Compton. England is my city.
With no power comes no responsibility, except that wasn't true.
There's that word again: "heavy." Why are things so heavy in the future? Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull?
Hackers in Amtrak computers, or air-traffic control computers, will kill somebody someday. Maybe a lot of people.
This new learning amazes me, Sir Bedevere. Explain again how sheep's bladders may be employed to prevent earthquakes.
I know Darth Vader's really got you annoyed but remember, if you kill him, then you'll be unemployed.
Consider this: Is the pious being loved by the gods because it is pious, or is it pious because it is being loved by the Gods?
Don't m-m-m-misunderstand my flames - I just meant fun and games.
I'll solve equations with my right hand and write names with my left. I'll take a potato chip; AND EAT IT!
I'm a reasonable guy, but I've just experienced some very unreasonable things.
Thing is Butch, right now you got ability. But painful as it may be, ability don't last.
"Do we still have to floss?" Tommy asked. "I mean, what's the point of being immortal if we have to floss?"
If it was so, it might be; and if it were so, it would be; but as it isn't, it ain't. That's logic.
Hendricks, get the hoi polloi excited. Have them send protests, letters, wires, anything you like.
Love will not be constrain'd by mastery. When mast'ry comes, the god of love anon beateth his wings, and, farewell, he is gone.
Everybody knows that your average bedroom monster is reptilian and cold-blooded.
My ship's a-sail, can you hear its tender frame, screaming from beneath the waves, screaming from beneath the waves?
I am endeavoring, Madam, to construct a mnemonic memory circuit using stone knives and bear skins.
Yeah, if she's so brilliant, why is she sitting in our neighbor's car?
I love how Polaroid cameras make every photo look a little nostalgic.
Hey, Uncle Mike, I'm just here for the party. I didn't come here to ask for help.
If at first you don't succeed, destroy any evidence that you ever tried.
We have a Spanish porter at the moment, he's from Barcelona. It'd be quicker to train an ape!
It's a four ton truck, Tyrone, it's not as though it's a packet of peanuts, is it?
Citizens of Cincinnati, we are being attacked by the godless tornadoes!
I was within and without, simultaneously enchanted and repelled by the inexhaustible variety of life.
The first rule of Fight Club is: you do not talk about Fight Club.
I'm a pleasant fellow, charming, honest, ambitious, quite bright, and very modest.
If you, under any circumstances, see "Little Indian, Big City," I will never let you read one of my reviews again.
I can handle this. "Handle" is my middle name. Actually, "handle" is the middle of my first name.
Suit yourself. Hey! Would you mind getting a door for me? My hands are kinda full.
Well, I've wrestled with reality for 35 years, Doctor, and I'm happy to state I finally won out over it.
I build neat stuff, got a great girl, occasionally save the world. So why can't I sleep?
At first they had tried to keep the finding quiet. After all, they were not absolutely sure it was an extraterrestrial message.
Friendship is born at that moment when one person says to another: "What! You too? I thought I was the only one."
You know some automotive yoga could really lower your RPMs, man.
Sorry, Link. I can't give credit. Come back when you're a little... mmmmm... richer!
Ooh, Krotchy gets his own day. Why do I suspect the mayor owns stock in this toy company?
It's just a little airborne! It's still good, it's still good!
Delicious and vicious, while maliciously nutritious.
I did my best, it wasn't much. I couldn't feel, so I tried to touch. I've told the truth, I didn't come to fool you.
Sorry, Venkman, I'm terrified beyond the capacity for rational thought.
Gentlemen, you can't fight in here! This is the War Room.
Of course he has a knife, he always has a knife, we all have knives! It's 1183 and we're barbarians!
I'm a grenade and at some point I'm going to blow up and I would like to minimize the casualties, okay?
Your primary objective should be to touch-type; that is, to type without looking at your fingers.
Hofstadter's Law: It always takes longer than you expect, even when you take into account Hofstadter's Law.
A beast can never be as cruel as a human being, so artistically, so picturesquely cruel.
Hello. My name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father. Prepare to die.
I was thinking of the immortal words of Socrates who said, "I drank what?"
You may serve the Speed Force, Flash, but I rule it. You are only a man, but I am a god, your god. I am Savitar!
PETITION: to make whiney congressmen play violent video games.
Taran of Caer Dallben, do you have any idea what you're saying? Has the flame of Dyrnwyn scorched your wits?
I am but mad north-north-west. When the wind is southerly, I know a hawk from a handsaw.
Speed. I am speed. One winner, forty-two losers. I eat losers for breakfast.
It's a fact. I'm a quack. The disgrace of the AMA. 'Cause my patients die. Yeah, my patients die before they can pay.
Agents Bartowski, Walker and Colonel Casey have proven to be an excellent albeit unorthodox team.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. Heroes in a half-shell. Turtle power!
Not that it's a competition, but she loves me 3,000. You were somewhere in the low 6 to 900 range.
Nobody exists on purpose. Nobody belongs anywhere. We're all going to die. Come watch TV.
Nobody exists on purpose. Nobody belongs anywhere. We're all going to die. Come watch TV.
Ah-ha! There's the problem: Too many toasters! You know what they say: "All toasters toast toast!"
...and PRESTO!! The cup has completely disappeared.
Come, come here to meet T.B.C. If you want to ring the king, the computer is your thing. We, we, we are T., B. and C.
A squid eating dough in a polyethylene bag is fast and bulbous. Got me?
Pulp: a soft, moist, shapeless mass or matter.
The Vital Apparatus Vent will deliver a Weighted Companion Cube in three, two, one.
My ethicator machine must've had a built-in moral compromise spectral release phantasmatron! I'm a genius!
Booth: Machete sent me a text. Osiris: What did it say? Booth: "You just messed with the wrong Mexican."
Speaking in my official capacity as a Pulitzer Prize winner, Mr. Schneider, your movie sucks.
Dwayne Elizondo Camacho... Five-time Ultimate Smackdown champion... Movie superstar... And president of the United States.
Trust your luck, Taran Wanderer. But don't forget to put out your nets!
Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious is Vielle's favorite word to type on TypeRacer.
My daddy's a lazy middle class intellectual. My mommy's on Valium, so ineffectual. Ain't life a mystery, yeah?
Lamp oil? Rope? Bombs? You want it? It's yours, my friend, as long as you have enough rubies.
A neighbour, a woman, complained to the mayor, Judge Stevens, eight years old.
Over the field rang his clear voice calling: "Death! Ride, ride to ruin and the world's ending!"
"I am frightened, too," he says. "We all are. But we are the Suarez family, Merci. We are strong enough to face this together."
I love you, period. Do you love me, question mark? Please, please, exclamation point! (I want to hold you in parentheses.)
From this proposition it will follow, when arithmetical addition has been defined, that 1 + 1 = 2.
The garbage chute was a wonderful idea! What an incredible smell you've discovered! Let's get out of here!
Swinging Belleville rendez-vous. Marathon dancing doop dee doop. Vaudou Cancan balais taboo. Au Belleville swinging rendez-vous.
Why? Blimey, Harry, everyone'd be wantin' magic solutions to their problems. Nah, we're best left alone.
Then the 92nd little pig built a house out of depleted uranium. And the wolf was like, "Dude."
+1 Food, +1 Production, for all desert tiles worked by this city (except flood plains).
Winter Wrap Up! Winter Wrap Up! Let's finish our holiday cheer. Winter Wrap Up! Winter Wrap Up!
"My stomach's full of butterflies!" lamented Dora Diller. Her mother sighed. "That's no surprise, you ate a caterpillar!"
"Thinking I'm a moron gives people something to feel smug about," Charles Wallace said. "Why should I disillusion them?"
Merry Christmas, movie house! Merry Christmas, Emporium! Merry Christmas, you wonderful old Building and Loan!
"Can you fly this plane and land it?" "Surely you can't be serious." "I am serious and don't call me Shirley."
O-objection! I... object to the witness's talkativeness.
Po-tay-toes! Boil 'em, mash 'em, stick 'em in a stew.
Friday morning Qwilleran sat at his typewriter and stared at the row of keys that spelled q-w-e-r-t-y-u-i-o-p.
Fuzzy Wuzzy was a bear. Fuzzy Wuzzy had no hair. Fuzzy Wuzzy wasn't fuzzy, was he?
Be vewy, vewy quiet. I'm hunting wabbits! He-e-e-e-e!
I set my ATM card's number to "0001" because I'm number one!
Hey dol! Merry dol! Ring a dong, dillo! Ring a dong! Hop along! Fal lal the willow! Tom Bom, jolly Tom, Tom Bombadillo!
Doing quantum electrodynamics calculations a la Feynman predicted 2.0023193048!
"We have clearance, Clarence." "Roger, Roger. What's our vector, Victor?"